<scene description>

boss: This is scene for enemy 'boss'. In this scene, it will work as a boss character, and show it's HP bar.
boss_bullet: This scene works as a projectile of the boss. It will shoot to the setted direction. If it hits the player, than it will damage the player.
patrol1,2,3,4,5,6: 'patrol' scene will instantiate the 'patrol_vision' scene and manage its directions followed by 'patrol's direction. Used 'Marker2D' in the level scene to define 'the patrol's path. I created a different script for each patrol.
patrol_vision: The 'patrol_vision' scene will manage the core features for 'patrol's eye-sight. It detects the player and checks whether an obstacle is in the way or not using 'RayCast2D'

Level1: The game scene of Stage 1.
Level2: The game scene of Stage 2.
level1_map: A map of Stage 1 consisting of TimeMap.
level1_deco: The ornaments of Stage 1.
gift: Manages properties of a gift and code.
prison: Manages properties of a prison and code.
interaction_manager:  Prompts to press Space on top of the prison to rescue.
hohoho, rescue: Sound effects used in Stage 1.
tree: The scene used for trees of Stage 2.

Player1: This is the scene for the Santa character in the first game. In this scene, Santa can push presents.
Player2: This is the scene for the Santa character in the second game. In this scene, Santa can perform a snowball attack.
Bullet: This is the scene for the snowball that Santa uses when attacking. The snowball in this scene breaks upon hitting something.
heal: This is the scene for the healing pack that increases Santa's health. It sets the health to 100 and boosts speed.

main: The game scene of firstpage(mainpage).
exit: This scene was created to get out of the game.
firstmusic: This scene was created for firstpage(mainpage) music.
GameStart: This scene was created to move to stage1.
Instruction: This scene was created to move to game instructions.
setting: This scene was created to move to setting & credit.
gameover: This scene means that you lose the game.
stage1clear: This scene means that you clear level1.
stage2clear: This scene means that you clear level2.
instruction1: This scene was created for instruction page1.
instruction2: This scene was created for instruction page2.
instruction3: This scene was created for instruction page3.

[script]
exit: This script was created to quit the game.
GameStart: This script was created to move to Level1 scene.
Instruction: This script was created to move to instruction scenes.
main: This script was created for the firstpage(mainpage) of the game.
setting: This script was created to move to see setting and credit.
gameover: This script was created to turn off level1 and 2 songs due to you lose the game.
Next: This script was made to move from level1 to level2.
Quit: This script was made to quit the game.
Restart: This script was made to move from level2 to main.
Retry: This script was made to move from gameover scene to main scene.
stage1clear: This script was made to manage stage1clear condition.
stage2clear: This script was made to manage stage2clear condition.
ins1_ins2, ins1_main, ins2_ins1, ins2_ins3, ins2_main, ins3_ins2, ins3_main: Scripts that move from the page in front of the underbar to the page in the back.

gift: deals with the collision between a gift and a chimney.
giftPointLabel: Manages the points of the gift.
PointLabel: Manages the points.
interaction_manager: Prompts to press Space on top of the prison to rescue.
prison: Manages areas of InteractionManger.
Deer: Plays the animation effects when rescued.

Player1.gd: This is the script for Player1.tscn, supporting animations and actions for pushing presents.
Player2.gd: This is the script for Player2.tscn, supporting animations and actions for attacking.
Bullet.gd: This is the script for Bullet.tscn. It causes damage to the boss upon collision, supports an animation for breaking upon hitting something, and removes itself when it exits the screen.
heal.gd: This is the script for heal.tscn. When a player interacts with it, it sets their health to 100 and increases their speed.